So coming back to the physical relationship,
so you were saying that it's not really
an important part of relationship for you.
It is for a lot of people, it's a lot of people.
What about other, not necessarily just sex,
but kind of more intimacy, other kind of things,
kind of hugging.
Oh, right, yeah, I'm definitely a culture,
definitely a culture, no doubt about it.
I'm very often, my kind of move in it
is just sat in the house, having a glass of wine
with my partner, having a candle, watching Netflix.
That's kind of my ideal night in wealth.
And did you get opportunity to do that
with previous partners?
Where would that happen if you were gonna do that?
So a couple of my exes have been fully independent,
so I've kind of gone over their ears.
I cannot cock to save my life.
So she didn't feel like cocking
because she was in college all day,
so I said, oh, let's just have a Chinese.
So we've kind of done that.
So just little things like that.
Would you stay over at hers or?
No. No.
Have you ever stayed over with a partner?
No.
And what's the reason for that then?
Reason is, I don't know why.
This is gonna sound daft, but I've always said,
and I'm gonna stick to it, that I won't sleep over
until I'm at least 35, 36.
Because by then I would have rather thought, right,
I'll know I would have had a job that I know is secure
and maybe finance, financial-wise,
I know I could do it.
So is that living completely independent?
Yeah, that's living independent.
But just staying over, I think it's just confidence.
I think it's a problem.
So even for one night, you wouldn't feel comfortable?
No.
What about going to a hotel together or anything like that?
Have you ever done that?
No, wouldn't happen.
And no one stayed at yours?
No.
So I've stayed over at hers until quite late,
not a Chinese, and then come home at like,
lend the clock, but sleeping over, no.